[WIP] Update README in master-branch to guide client/server developers (#79)
Materials-Consortia/OPTiMaDe: README.md

* [optimade.md](optimade.md): The API specification.
* [AUTHORS](AUTHORS): List of contributors.

## For developers

The latest "stable" version of the specification is found in the [master](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/OPTiMaDe/tree/master) branch.  
The latest "in development" version is found in the [develop](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/OPTiMaDe/tree/develop) branch.

> If you are a **server** developer, it is _mandated_ to always implement the latest stable version, while it is _recommended_ to implement the latest version in development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a **server** developer, it is _recommended_ to always implement the latest stable version, while it is _recommended_ to implement the latest version in development.
```
I don't think we can mandate what server developers do.
What happens if this server developers are not conforming to this? By the way, this will likely be the case every time we update the spec (and existing servers need to upgrade).

Author: Done. Changed the second part of the sentence to be a separate sentence: "It is also _recommended_ to ..."

> This may be achieved by having a _master_ and _develop_ structure for your implementation, similar to the one used here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to use the same _master_ and _develop_ branch model used here.
```

Author: Done

If you are a **client** developer, you are _encouraged_ to support at least the latest stable version, while it is _recommended_ to support the latest version in development.

> This may be achieved by having a _master_ and _develop_ structure for your client code, similar to the one used here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to use the same _master_ and _develop_ branch model employed here.
```

Author: Done
